{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red20\green20\blue21;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c10196\c10196\c10588;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 My girlfriend and I have been dating since September of 2019 and have been living together for about half as long. I've had a couple of relationships in my life, but I can honestly say I've only experienced what I think is "True Love" with her. Only problem is: she's from China, and was here on a student visa in order to get her Master's degree. She got it, but then informed me of what would probably have to happen in order for her to stay in the country.\
Two things would have to happen for her to attain permanent residence here. She would either have to not only find a job that paid high enough, but also get the H1B Residence Visa. People call it the H1B lottery, because I believe there's a random aspect to it and only about 30% can get selected. And that's only if she qualifies.\
She said it's either that, or she would have to marry me in order to get a green card. To be honest, I was dead set against this at first (I'm only 20) but I've warmed up to the idea. After all, it's just a little legal paperwork that has to be done, nothing has to change, and she has said that if she gets her H1B, we could even get a divorce. I was ready to go through with this, when we realized there's an important law we looked past concerning this. The sponsor (who would have been me) would have to prove financial responsibility by having a job that paid more than 20k a year. Me being the poor full-time student I am, I only work a part-time grocery gig that pays me about 200 a week, so I don't fit that criteria.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The problem I need advice on is that I'm sure my parents would not agree with me marrying her. Even though I've lived with her for about a year, my mother does not think I'm responsible, so I doubt she would agree to sponsor, and my father is a very logical man who would most likely not see the merit in such a spurious action. I could ask my sister, but I feel that's such an imposition and have a feeling she would reject as well. Any advice from Redditors who have been through something similar? Sorry for the long read.\
Tldr: How to approach wary parents to ask them to sponsor my girlfriend/how to obtain permanent residence for my girlfriend.\
My parents love her by the way, but I feel like that wouldn't be enough for them to say yes. [SEP] I'm curious if anyone else is going through this:\
I started dating my partner last summer. It felt really good at the beginning, I knew we were a really good match and I felt excited to see where our relationship could go. He moved back home (2.5 hours away) because of the pandemic and apartment hunting difficulties, so we are long-distance. We are both in graduate school (remotely now) with extremely demanding programs. I feel that the strain of the pandemic, remote learning, everything shut down, harsh winter and being stuck inside with curfews has killed our relationship. We don't get to do anything couples usually do to get to know each other: meeting friends, going out, going on dates, adventures, etc. He's moving back to my city in two weeks but I feel like the strain of the pandemic blew out our fire.\
He told me that his feelings for me aren't strong but that he really wants to try and see how they can grow when we're in the same city, it's summer and we can do more activities together. I feel super hurt by this, but I also understand that the pandemic makes it really hard to be our best selves around each other, especially with all the added strain of remote learning, working from home, demanding programs, long-distance, shut-downs, etc. I want so badly to make it through this but I'm so tired, I don't know if we can recover.\
I'm wondering if anyone else has dealt with this struggle of the pandemic strain on their new relationships? Have your feelings been able to grow as they normally do? Do you feel like your relationship is dull because of it? Or have you managed to overcome and get to know each other normally?\
PS: We are in Canada where the restrictions have been quite extreme. I know in the US the restrictions were a lot less so I'm more curious to hear from people who had such harsh conditions as we have up here.\
Thank you! [SEP] \
I have always been a guy who didn\'92t get too many girls, but a few weeks ago in a new class in college (in-person class), a super hot girl 10/10 with an amazing body just sat next to me and said hello and I could tell that she was smiling at me under her mask.\
After class, she started talking to me and stuff, the next few days she kept on flirting and hitting on me. So, I started flirting back. Then a week ago, she asked me for my number and I was like WTF I was not expecting that. Like why would a super pretty girl ask ME for MY NUMBER?\
Then we began talking, hopefully it leads to a relationship.\
But like still, do y\'92all think that this is too good to be true? Like this has never happened to me before\
TLDR: too good to be true, or is she just into me?\
[SEP]\
I've never been into a relationships. I mean I have female friends but I think of them as my friends mostly. But I've fallen for the two female friends I was most close to. I proposed my 1st female best friend 3 years ago and got rejected\
Fast forward to nov 2020... I proposed my other female friend ... let's car her Ashley... So i proposed Ashley and she was really surprised and i understood why... we've been friends since high school... But i started to have feelings for her since mid 2020. So i just thought that may be we had a chance together and proposed her.\
She rejected me. She told me she only saw me as a friend and never thought i would like her. Still things didn't got awkward between us and i started telling her "I love you" every chance i get.then She was just like "your perfect bf material idk what to do"\
Things went good for a while we were getting close and then suddenly she started ignoring my messages... It all started in the middle of march, after that my fb posts ig stories she started to ignore everything ...then things were getting pretty awkward...so i felt like i should move on ... So i told her that we should take a break...but she didn't let me do it\
She told me to not block her and other stuff i agreed.1 week later she started to share random couple fanarts on her fb timeline and she would write "us". It was really hurting to me. I couldn't bear may be that she probably was in a relationship with someone else . It was too much painful. So i just blocked her every where bc i knew this was wrong... Then she called me on discord bc i forget to block her on discord ...I picked up the call\
She told me she was mad ...and asked me if running away would solve everything . I told her there's no other way and I'm getting hurt by her posts . She told me that she does not want to lose me as an friend. I asked her again (yes on a discord call) if she would become my gf. She told me sorry and said that she was not ready for a boyfriend.... Then i asked her one last thing\
"Would like me to continue on this path or move on?"\
"You should definitely move on" she replied ...bt then she again said she does not want to lose me as a friend\
So i just told her she's being really selfish so i would be as well... I'd stay friends with her bt I'll not move on from her at least not now ( I can't move actually if we stay in contact i think)\
So still she posts random couple fanarts with the caption "us" .and I'm just getting more and more depressed day by day\
Tl;dr: I proposed my high school best friend in nov 2020. She rejected me .things were fine at first bt now it's all awkward and stuff. I was getting hurt . I wanted to cut her off. She told me to not to. I propose her again and got rejected again. Asked her if I should move on or not...\
She told me that I definitely should move on but she doesn't want to lose me as a friend. Bt things are still awkward and I'm getting hurt every day and I wanna die\
[SEP]\
Last Saturday I was at my parents' house and dad was doing some work in the yard when a neighbor came along and started talking to him, accompanied by his son.\
My sister has a pretty obvious crush on this and started chatting him up VERY enthusiastically. When she came back inside I said "so you like this guy, huh?".\
She asked what I meant and I said she seemed pretty happy chatting with him. She denied having a crush on him. I said something like "come on, you were all over him and those short shorts kinda send a message too, you know?". She seemed hurt and said "you don't know anything about me". I said "oh, I don't? I changed your diapers, remember?\'94, then she told me to shut up and left for her room.\
Several minutes later I went to her room to apologize for saying those things and she was wiping off some tears using her phone. I tried to apologize but she just ignored and started crying harder as I was speaking.\
So now it\'92s been a few days and I feel like an idiot for making her feel bad or that she was trying too hard to get with that guy, or that she was being \'93easy\'94 for having short shorts., or whatever else she might be feeling over what I said\
I don\'92t know if I should try to apologize again or let her be?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 tl;dr:
\f0\b0 \'a0Made my sister feel bad because I said she was very obviously crushing hard on a boy and she cried. Don\'92t know if I should try to apologize again and clarify a few things or let her be?\
[SEP]\
Context: I have been with my GF for 3 years. She is going to therapy, though not sure if it is effective. We always were able to work through our issues together, and I hope to work through it again this time.\
GF relates heavily with a character named Akane Minagawa in an anime called \'93Scums Wish\'94. People have characterized Akane as a manipulative person with sociopathic tendencies. Akane loves it when men obsess over her. She wants to be wanted. She wants to feel like there is someone struggling to get her. Akane does not love the person who makes her feel like that, she loves the feeling. Even though she will get bored of them very quickly and she knows she will not be moving forward in life with these men she plays with, she still wants them to obsess over her. It has been concluded in the manga and anime that she uses men to cope with trauma in the past as a form of revenge. Some even say \'93Akane is a textbook example of being a sociopath. She takes pleasure in stealing the loved ones of other girls just to see their angered faces, can skillfully manipulate men who are infatuated with her and is very happy to do so, is unable to find genuine attachment to another human being, has absolutely zero guilt about her actions, and can fake being a normal person without any difficulty.\'94 GF has informed me that she relates to how the character does not know what love feels like but also how she finds her admirable because of her living her life. She also said she likes the feeling of people taking interest in her.\
A reoccurring theme in our relationship I have noticed is her tendency of being carried away when she receives interest from others. Like Akane, when someone takes interest in her she really loves the feeling of people chasing after her. A few examples of this came into mind. GF once sold feet pictures online and a client approached her and started to talk more to her and trying to get closer to her, she started fantasizing about letting the client have physical sexual relations with her. She eventually stopped as she realized she was hurting someone in a relationship with her and furthermore that the client was engaging in such a matter as to receive more favors from her. She did this despite asking her friends for advice and the consensus being that it was not advised. Similarly, when she noticed a coworker from work showing interest in her she decided to end her relationship with her significant other to try the other person and then return to the relationship when she determined the other party did not reciprocate the feelings and that he treated her poorly. Her most recent incident is her current one where she would like to switch to an open relationship in which she can have sexual relationships with this person who she says intrigues her. One of the interesting parts is how she noticed he has very sociopathic behaviors. She says she intends to use this activity to satiate her curiosity of this person. She has mentioned to me concerning discussions such as that this individual had said he wanted to see her crying because of her being devastated from sexual activity. GF noticed how she connects with this person is because of their lack of understanding of love and the feeling of it. She also mentioned how she would also like to toy with him a bit which only furthers my concern for her wellbeing and state.\
GF and I have discussed some potential points on why she may feel this way. One of the topics that may have come up was her lack to receive attention and affection from her parents when she was younger leading her to be emotionally unavailable and seek validation from others.\
One of my close friends who is a psychologist in Australia advised that her behavior may be seen as sociopathic behaviors or signs of antisocial personality disorder (ASPD). \'93Sociopathy is generally characterized by an inability to adapt to social norm, which I think she's shown in the past with her diary entries that you've shown me and conversations you two have had.\'94 Some points he noticed is that she actively wanted/wants to be hurt (She had a diary entry if her wanting to be rejected by others to experience rejection). My friend also noted that she exhibits severe dissociation with her actions upon others and seems to show no understanding of what is appropriate for which kind of interaction, be it sex with a mere friend being on the same level as sex with a significant other or aiming to be rejected by people for experimentation. Lately she has mentioned to me that she feels that she is polyamorous and my friend who worked with polyamorous couples in the past show that her behaviors are not generally what people in polyamory practice nor her reasonings and views for doing so. He also further analyzed from evidence I provided from previous chats and discussions that he does not feel GF is polyamorous as she describes but rather suggesting that this is just a further cause of her sociopathic tendencies and her being emotionally unavailable.\

\f1\b My friend has suggested to explore the possibility whether GF is demonstrating signs of mild sociopathy.
\f0\b0 \
GF has confided to me in the past that she has not felt any improvement during the therapy sessions and how she is experiencing further symptoms such as heart palpitations and overall jitteriness. I would love to continue a healthy relationship with her and support her in a safe manner that can let her develop healthy relationships. During our calls together she has occasionally mentioned that she understands this behavior is not normal and she is aware it is sociopathic. She thinks if she improves self-esteem, it may help but personally, I am not too sure. I want to help her find the treatment/therapy she needs to be better. What can GF do to improve? What can I do to support her and build a healthy relationship? Do you agree with my friends analysis?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
TL:DR: My GF is showing sociopathic behaviors and my friend who is a Psychologist thinks she may have Mild Sociopathy. What can I do to support and continue growing our relationship together?\
[SEP]\
yesterday I went on my first date with a boy I was talking to for a while. I'm 17 and he's 18. We decided to have a picnic at the park for our first date which was a bad idea because it was like 100 degrees lol when he first arrived I was nervous and I think he was too? we didn't really hug or anything like I was REALLY nervous.. we couldn't really keep eye contact with each other half of the time, we didn't even wanna eat infront of each other like we were being really stiff around the first few minutes, we were playing a card game and I'd look at him and he'd look away sometimes when I caught him staring but I'd do the same a bit. we played a card game and when we'd exchange cards we were scared to touch each other like idk I was just SUPER nervous It was my first date and he said it was his second, but after a while though we walked around and talked and laughed, we got on the swings and stuff too and talked for a while. we ended up sitting down for the rest of the time and we were like far apart on the bench watching baseball just talking. at that point we got more comfy around each other which was good. while we were sitting down he showed me a picture on his phone anddd we were just talking about random things. he stated he was "tired" and he laid down on the bench. his head was super close to my lap and I think he wanted to lay on it but I'm not sure... I think he was just tired? but then he ended up sitting up after like 3 minutes. he got more closer to me on the bench from where he started which I noticed and we were just vibing, but when things were getting just right I had to go :( I apologized for leaving early and he said it's fine, he said he had a good time, and we texted all night after. we planned a movie next so I'm looking forward to that\
was this a normal first date? like I noticed he wouldn't look at me like, he'd sneak looks or something? but I'd do the same thing too.. I don't know\
[SEP]\
Hi, I'm (22F) thinking of ending things with my boyfriend (22M). We've only been together for a year and half but this is my first relationship. My whole life I've never been interested enough in anyone to date them. He's the first one. Lately though (past few months) I've been thinking that we really might not work out. I have an anxious attachment style and he's dismissive so when we fight, it's hard to communicate with him. He always leaves me to be alone which is totally fine if it meant that he could gather his thoughts but he usually doesn't. When he calms down enough to talk he just says sorry or something shallow. It's always an empty promise and he never understands how important a genuine emotional connection is to me. He says he'll change for me but he only stays that way for about a week until the cycle begins again. All I ask of him is attention and quality time together but what I usually get is so small and even then he's distracted by a game or something else. I just feel unimportant. I've told him this before but again he never makes a permanent change. He's criticised me before for being needy and I've given him space to the point that I now feel uncomfortable to text him sometimes. I changed for him and even went back to therapy but he never changes for me.\
The last straw was when he got angry at me for not showing him my boobs on ft. I said no as a joke but he threw a tantrum and wouldn't speak to me for about 20 mins. I told him I didn't want to talk anymore and after that I've really been genuinely considering breaking up with him.\
I just don't know if it's the right thing to do. He's struggling with depression for the first time because of college and the pandemic and I don't want to make the mistake of leaving him. What if it's just a rough patch and everything will be okay once we can see each other regularly again and once he gets better? idk what to do. I've read so many posts on here of people in the same situation, looked for articles online on breakups and even my friends have told me to leave him. I just need more second opinions because I'm scared this might be the wrong thing to do ...\
TLDR; I don't know if I should really break up with him or give it some time because I might regret it if we break up so I need some advice. [SEP]\
I\'92m going to try to make this as short as possible and get to the point. I met this guy through social media in 2017 for that year we talked on and off and eventually met a year later, we hit it off and became fwb, the way I would traditionally have a fwb is no texting/talking unless it\'92s to meet up, with him it was different we were genuine friends before fwb so as time went on; this past year especially we\'92ve gotten a lot closer in every sense minus being committed to each other. A couple weeks ago he was upset over a guy he found out I was seeing and that\'92s when he finally admitted he wants to be with me and always has, since then we\'92ve been actively trying to be in a relationship, the thing is I wanted this so badly before he confessed he wanted to be with me I was literally sobbing a couple weeks ago over the fact I thought he DIDNT want to be with me.. now that I get what I want and we\'92re basically together I\'92ve tried to end things twice now due to \'93red flags\'94 I\'92m making up for example he doesn\'92t text me often, this has never been an issue for me in the last couple years and now I\'92m using it as an excuse to end things? Another thing I tried to end it over was because I felt our love languages are different, I love this man, but why do I run away like this? I\'92ve done this to a couple other men before him when things were \'93serious\'94 I don\'92t want to ruin this relationship due to me being wishy washy he expressed to me that my actions are hurting him and I don\'92t want that how can I stop thinking like this?\
TL;DR : I (20 f) am making up red flags to end things with my current fwb (20 m) turned into a serious relationship as I don\'92t know why\
 [SEP]\
We've been friends the past two years and go to school together. Although I have sort of had a thing for her at various points, the thought of asking her out had never crossed my mind. I figured she saw me as a friend and thought it best not to risk it.\
Last week we went on a hike. She asked me out of nowhere, said she needed to clear her mind, etc. I drove over to where she said and noticed right away that she was uncharacteristically quiet. When I asked how things were going at home, she said things were okay but that she had something on her mind.\
I figured it was about school. It wasn't. She sidetracked a little bit before finally saying she has feelings for me. To say that I was caught off guard would be downplaying it a lot. I literally didn't know what to say. I thought she was joking.\
When it was clear that she was serious, I told her that I've thought about us, too. It's kind of hard not to when our conversations are so effortless. We agreed that we should go out once exams are over. I had sensed that she was a little disappointed by that suggestion but I had already fallen a little behind in my classes due to covid and didn't want any distractions.\
It was only going to be two more weeks from then anyway. She agreed to it and we had even planned where we were going to go and how our friends were going to react to it after years of telling us that we should date. I went home that day feeling good about everything.\
Then last night I was on discord with a few other guys in our group and one of them (24/M) mentioned that they kissed this past weekend on a date. I was ... really taken aback. No one knew about the hike. At least not because I had told them.\
She's single and can kiss whoever she wants but for her to have gone for another guy in our group is a bit much. At the risk of sounding dramatic, did the hike not mean anything to her? Was she so against the suggestion of waiting until after exams that she had to go out and find someone else so soon?\
Honestly I'm kind of confused. She was the one who said she has feelings for me and had planned this whole hike around it. I don't know what I'm supposed to make from it. If she and our other friend had randomly kissed at a party or something, that would still be kind of weird but understandable. But the way he described it, they had went out on an actual date.\
To me that's kind of shitty on her part. Maybe I'm wrong for feeling that way. I just know I wouldn't go out with one of the girls in our group so soon after confessing feelings for one of them. Maybe she changed her mind about me and asked this other guy to mention they had kissed in order to get the message across. I don't know.\
Should I speak to her about it or just distance myself?\
Am I overreacting?\
TL;DR She said she has feelings for me and we agreed to go out in a couple of weeks after exams ... then a week later I find out she not only went out with another guy in our group, she also kissed him. How am I supposed to react to that? She's single and can do what she wants but that was a shitty move on her part. Am I overreacting? Suggestions?\
[SEP] \
Hey Reddit, I\'92m a 20 year old female having a bit of a breakdown. My boyfriend (21 yr old male) of 4 and a half years, is leaving on a vacation with his bros he\'92s known his whole life. Now a little back story, i\'92ve never been out of the state (MN) I was born in my entire life. I did get the chance to go to New Mexico last September for my birthday with my boyfriend. We got a hotel, but his mom lives there and that\'92s the reason we went to NM, so she could get us weed and whatever else we needed, rides, attractions, etc. It was fun but I felt like it was more a visit to his mom and she really took charge of the whole \'93vacation\'94. Anyway, i still really enjoyed myself. My boyfriend since that vacation has been on 1 vacation to go see his mom, I wasnt invited because it was just bonding time with them. I did get upset and cry a lot and was very hurt about being left behind, as we have been together for a long time and I consider him my family and I wish to be considered as his. Regardless, my boyfriend promised me that the next vacation would be just us and that he wouldn\'92t leave me behind for a vacation again. Then not even a month later my boyfriend has a whole vacation planned with his bros. I keep my feelings to myself as I know how he\'92s reacted before to me getting upset about him leaving, telling me i\'92m codependent and that he should be able to go on vacations without me. Now the vacation time is coming up and my box I was trying to hide my emotions in exploded. I\'92m really upset, hurt, and everyone i\'92ve talked to says my feelings are valid and that why would feel the same way. I did ask to be included in this trip, and he said no because it\'92s just the bros. I\'92m sure he forgot about what he promised me. Anyway, i guess i\'92m coming for advice to see if i\'92m really over reacting or if there\'92s some truth in how i feel. Please help me reddit. Thank you!\
TL:DR My boyfriend (21 yr old male) of 4 and a half years promised me he wouldn\'92t go on another vacation without me since i\'92ve only been out of state once in my 20 years of life and he\'92s been everywhere and has had multiple vacations. The last trip he went on was to visit his mother and I wasn\'92t invited because it was just family time. I guess i\'92m not apart of the family. I got very upset, and my boyfriend promised the next trip he\'92d take would be with me and me only, and that he wouldn\'92t go on another vacation without me. Now here we are, a couple months later, and he\'92s preparing for a bros trip. I asked to come, and he said no it\'92s boys only. My boyfriend thinks I have no right to be upset, and that i\'92m overly codependent. Help, what is right and what is wrong? [SEP]}